gtmu/index.md, before:

---
layout: wrapper
title: Grand Tech Meetup 2015
---

We're organising a meet up for the greater UK CS student community!
This would involve a weekend of talks, roundtable discussions, mini
hacks and social events.

- **What?** Tech meetup with talks, round table discussions, and a
  hackathon!
- **Where?** York
- **When?** 31st of October and 1st of November

The goal of the meetup is to bring together students, present and
past, of different universities to share ideas, make new friends, and
promote inter-university fraternisation.

The Saturday will consist of talks, round table discussions, and
workshops, with a social event in the evening. The Sunday will consist
of a hackathon (to be confirmed).

If you are interested in attending, please register your interest so
we have an idea of numbers:

- **[Registration form](http://bit.ly/gtmu15-signup)** 

There is an annoucement list to which we will post updates:

- **[Announcement list](https://goo.gl/bsuRTV)

Call for Submissions
--------------------

The formal call for submissions has not gone out yet, but if you have
an idea for something you would like to do or see, please tell us!

- **[Submission form](https://goo.gl/3tVqnF)**
- **[Suggestion form](https://goo.gl/fHTR09)** [(results)](https://goo.gl/RDGtBY)

We welcome and encourage contributions from all areas of
computing-related tech, including but not limited to:

- Computer Science
- Mathematics (especially as relating to CS)
- Computer Hardware and Electronics
- Software Engineering and Programming
- Cultural, Social, and Legal Ramifications of Technology
- Employment, Internships, and Placements
- Running a University Technical Society

Organisation
------------

Want to get involved? Get in touch! We hang out in `#compsoc-uk` on
`irc.freenode.net`. We're keen to have as many universities take part
in this as possible!

- **Michael Walker** (chair), barrucadu on IRC (University of York,
  [HackSoc](http://hacksoc.org/))
- **Harry Reeder**, tbrb on IRC (Edinburgh Napier University,
  [NapierDevSoc](http://napierdevsoc.uk/))
- **Will Mathewson**, neanias on IRC (University of Edinburgh,
  [CompSoc](http://comp-soc.com/))
- **Imran Hussain**, imranh on IRC (University of Swansea,
  [SUCS](https://sucs.org/))

Commit message:

Update GTMU page with call info

gtmu/index.md, after:

---
layout: wrapper
title: Grand Tech Meetup 2015
---

We're organising a meet up for the greater UK CS student community!
This would involve a weekend of talks, roundtable discussions, mini
hacks and social events.

- **What?** Tech meetup with talks, round table discussions, and a
  hackathon!
- **Where?** York
- **When?** 31st of October and 1st of November

The goal of the meetup is to bring together students, present and
past, of different universities to share ideas, make new friends, and
promote inter-university fraternisation.

The Saturday will consist of talks, round table discussions, and
workshops, with a social event in the evening. The Sunday will consist
of a hackathon (to be confirmed).

If you are interested in attending, please register your interest so
we have an idea of numbers:

- **[Registration form](http://bit.ly/gtmu15-signup)** 

There is an annoucement list to which we will post updates:

- **[Announcement list](https://goo.gl/bsuRTV)**

Call for Submissions
--------------------

We welcome and encourage contributions from all areas of
computing-related tech, including but not limited to:

- Computer Science
- Mathematics (especially as relating to CS)
- Computer Hardware and Electronics
- Software Engineering and Programming
- Cultural, Social, and Legal Ramifications of Technology
- Employment, Internships, and Placements
- Running a University Technical Society

Submissions can be talks (5, 20, or 60 minute preferred), tutorials, 
workshops, or round table discussions. If there are too many 
submissions of a particular type to fit into the programme, we may 
contact presenters about the possibility of a different one (such as a 
lightning talk): 

- **Submission form:** http://bit.ly/gtmu15-submission 

If there is something you would like to see at the meetup, but which 
you couldn't organise yourself, then you can suggest it and we may be 
able to find someone knowledgeable on that topic: 

- **Suggestion form:** http://bit.ly/gtmu15-suggestion 

Important Dates 
--------------- 

- Submission title and abstract deadline: 18th of October 
- Notification: 23rd of October 
- Final programme availability: 25th of October 
- Meetup: 31st of October & 1st of November

Organisation
------------

Want to get involved? Get in touch! We hang out in `#compsoc-uk` on
`irc.freenode.net`. We're keen to have as many universities take part
in this as possible!

- **Michael Walker** (chair), barrucadu on IRC (University of York,
  [HackSoc](http://hacksoc.org/))
- **Harry Reeder**, tbrb on IRC (Edinburgh Napier University,
  [NapierDevSoc](http://napierdevsoc.uk/))
- **Will Mathewson**, neanias on IRC (University of Edinburgh,
  [CompSoc](http://comp-soc.com/))
- **Imran Hussain**, imranh on IRC (University of Swansea,
  [SUCS](https://sucs.org/))
